could I have done it differently I don't
know I I certainly was was unable to
because the truth is I am a fighter but
I'm not just a fighter but that's what
came across when people were finally
paying attention to the candidacy and
the reality is and and understandably so
for many voters if you want a fighter in
the White House take the one who's
proven who has taken more arrows far
more than I have and overcome them that
was Donald Trump which was many of the
people who loved me the most I mean like
really love me as as supporters like the
people who are guys who were maybe
coming to 15 20 events that I held in
Iowa people who are enthusiastic
supporters speaking still caucus for
Donald Trump right and and I don't blame
them for it because if what you see is
the value proposition is here's a young
fighter who's going to fight for me and
fight for this country just as hard as
he fights to defend himself against the
treacherous media and political
industrial complex I love that and I'm
going to vote for Donald Trump because
he is proven at a scale that nobody has
that that's a guy who's going to be able
to do it so that's that's what ended up
happening there but on a go forward
basis I guess the difference is and I I
I don't know what's next for me the
truth is I'm keeping a very open mind
the only criteria is have an impact on
the country that's positive and not
small as I said it takes as much effort
to do something small as it does to do
something big large scale positive
impact in Saving this country and
Reviving who we are whatever I do next
it's going to fit that description but
let's say let's say that there was a you
know a replay of it but you're starting
from where we left off right this last
time I'm not starting from the place I
did last time right right and so you're
not it's one thing to fight for
relevance and then fight to be perceived
in the right way if you're starting to
already from the place of relevance but
then the question is just making sure
people understand who you really are you
know in some ways you can't it's like an
algebra problem right you can you can
only solve for one variable with one
equation at a time and so in some ways I
was with one equation
one linear race trying to solve for both
two variables one of relevance and the
other one of actually being seen the
correct way you had to kind of pick one
well look you look you did you did put
yourself on the map that was a success
and you're not very old and there's no
reason from a bird's eye view to assume
that this is your kick at the can it I
don't feel having watched what you did
that you're exhausted as a political
candidate especially given how
young right okay okay so so so you know
maybe you maybe you laid the groundwork
for something that could emerge in the
future now there's a variety of ways
that could go everyone can see that
you've had a fair bit of interaction
with Trump after the after your run for
presidency uh you know came to its end
everyone of course is wondering what
that might hold in the future um
what's your sense of what you could
bring and might bring to the table
assuming that a trump
presidency is realized in November well
the first thing I would say is I think
it would be a mistake to just rest on
one's Laurels as a candidate and assume
that is the outcome so the first thing
I'm focused on is making sure that we do
have a trump presidency in November
doing everything I can traveling
different parts of this country
campaigning for Trump not just through
the primary which is now you know
effectively and has been for a while
over but in the general election against
Biden reaching young voters reaching
non-traditional voters I mean even you
think about asian-americans or
indian-americans I think 70% went the
direction of Biden last time around
despite the fact that their values
almost undoubtedly more aligned with the
pro Excellence agenda that Trump stands
for now young people in this country who
are starving for purpose and meaning
we've talked about this in our last
episode that we did together well the
left isn't providing that or they're
satisfying it with the equivalent of
fast food with race and gender and
sexuality and climate a positive
nationalistic Vision that says that you
know what this is a country that is the
greatest country known to mankind and
you have an opportunity not only to live
here but to contribute to this country
and pass that on to the next Generation
that Civic sense of Duty fills what many
young people are starving for and I
think that that's far more aligned with
the message Trump is delivering than the
nonsense they're here hearing from Biden
or the other side and so my focus in the
near- term is don't take some outcome
for granted make sure that Trump is
elected as the next president do
everything I can in my power to make
that happen and in the meantime you know
if there are opportunities to continue
to drive positive change through the
private sector as I was doing before I
ran for president let me have at it it's
the perfect opportunity to do it and
strive as a company I co-founded as you
know to push back against the ESG
movement I'm incredibly proud which is
going very well
I'm very proud of stries accomplishments
and I and and mentoring some of the
other businesses that I've co-founded to
have positive impact for-profit
nonprofit through the private sector a
lot of ways to drive change and then
make sure that that electoral outcome is
what it is in November I think that's
actually the top objective and one of
the things I found in my life at least
is when you make
these elaborate personal plans right you
know if this happens then I'm going to
do that thing and if the other thing
happens then I'm going to do the other
thing and if that doesn't happen then
here's my plan
B at least in my life I've learned that
your plans are stupid okay at least
maybe not yours but mine my plans are
stupid and so I'm Guided by my purpose
that's great the plan will reveal itself
but the purpose is the same one that I
entered the race with which was to
revive who we are Revive Our missing
national identity and
self-confidence pass that on to my kids
and their generation I volunteered to do
it as the next president the people of
this country made clear certainly in the
Republican party and I think far beyond
that that they want Donald Trump to do
that job thankfully his ideology is you
know very similar to mine in terms of
what it means to advance an America
First agenda and so I've put all my
energy into making sure that Donald
Trump is elected the next president the
reason I support Trump is because I
support America First values because I
support this country it's not the other
way around but that's I think the reason
most people who support Trump feel that
way and I view it the same way is we're
going to do whatever we can to revive
our country the number one most
impactful thing we can do is have a US
president that shuts down and
eviscerates much of that managerial
bureaucracy in the federal government
that revives our sense of national pride
does some basic things that Americans
across the political Spectrum agree on
from shutting the border to Growing the
economy I clearly believe that Donald
Trump is the man to get that job done
and I'm going to make sure that he
succeeds at it okay so your next your
next part part of your next plan is okay
is to continue the campaign and now you
made reference back to the way we
started our conversation and so let's
pursue that little bit I'd like to know
more about what you now know or believe
you know about the political industrial
complex right I mean you said that you
got into the race to begin with because
you were concerned about the
proliferation of something like a
midlevel tyranny right which I think is
something that we're seeing all around
the world it's a collusion between
midlevel State actors they're usually
not elected they don't have to face the
electorate they're not on the hook for
their own economic survival because
they're paid bureaucrats they've
extended their domains radically at
every level of political
organization um and I think part of the
reason that the magot types who are
firmly behind Trump are behind Trump is
because they feel in their bones that
Trump is enough of a bowl in the china
shop to actually pose a challenge to
that system um so I would like and the
you know the example of the Argentinian
current Argentinian president keeps
popping into the back of my mind because
he's doing the kind of radical Cuts in
Argentina that that musk did for example
at Twitter and so I would like to know
first of all do you actually think now
that you've seen this the system per se
operate at close hand
do you think that it's actually possible
for a candidate even Trump who's only
got a four-year mandate which is not
very long to have the power no have the
ability to make a difference in this in
relationship to this unbelievably
entrenched and widespread system so I'd
like to know how you feel about the
political industrial complex that you've
now come up against and are also now a
part of right peculiarly enough
peculiarly enough and isn't that
interesting how that
works I would say it's not possible to
reform it it is possible to decimate it
okay I think and that's what it's going
to require this rise of this managerial
class you see it in the Deep state in
the federal government or the fourth
branch of government the unelected
bureaucrats who are universties but you
exactly it's not just in the Deep State
it's in the manager class the associate
dean of God knows what the Ambassador
under secretary to something or other
the people who are sitting
professionally on a board of directors
the people who are the political
Consultants populating the
industrialization of our political
politics it's a horizontal managerial
class who are neither ordinary citizens
in their own right nor are they actual
purposeful creators who are able to
create something of inherent value but
are the intermediating managers right
that's what's sucking the lifeblood out
of our culture and our country and I
would go so far as to say the modern
West as we know it and so is it possible
to reform that Beast no I think you have
to slay that beast and I think it is
possible for a chief executive you could
take it of a university you could take
it of the country of the executive
branch of the United States of America
of a company you could go one by one but
but for a strong chief executive who is
at least on paper vested with the
authority to run an organization to take
what's on that piece of paper and
actualize it to actually run that
organization and the system isn't set up
for it it isn't set up for a political
candidate to really run their campaign
it's done by the industrialized machine
around them it isn't set up for the
chief executive of the Executive Branch
the president of the United States to
run that executive branch or that
bureaucracy it's not naturally set up
that way and it's not set up for the
President of University to run the the
you know endless Committees of of
associate Deans it's the committee class
that permeates each of these
institutions even for large Fortune 500
companies you might have HR heads who
are exercising greater hiring policy
decisions and the CEO so that's not the
default but it takes the kind of
executive who will overcome that
activation energy to say I'm going to
break that system anyway I'm I'm not
going to fall for the siren song of
saying that I can reform it reform isn't
possible but will I take the risk and it
is a risk and there will be costs to it
of saying I'm not bringing some sort of
chisel I'm bringing a chainsaw a
jackhammer to the whole thing raising It
to the Ground burning it and then
burning the ashes and then and then
start with a blank slate and build a new
if I have to and so the answer to your
question is yes but that's what it'll
take